Darktrace event collector (#27542)
demisto/content: Packs/Darktrace/ReleaseNotes/2_0_10.md

#### Integrations

##### New: Darktrace Event Collector

- New: Use this integration to fetch model breaches from Darktrace as events in XSIAM.

##### New: Darktrace Event Collector

> - New: Use this integration to fetch model breaches from Darktrace as events in XSIAM. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.9.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New: Use this integration to fetch model breaches from Darktrace as events in XSIAM (available from Cortex XSIAM 1.4.0).
```

Author: Bug

Author: https://jira-hq.paloaltonetworks.local/browse/CIAC-7398
